Hayrides Welcome back to the final exciting step of this Part 3 going into production and actually also
the final exciting step of this implementation.
Before we start actually improving the solution with two homeworks but here we are about to print the
final route for our particular example you know where we start from location.
And we have to go to the top priority location location.
So we're going to test that out and we're going to check that our tool that we just made can actually
return to roots the route going to the following locations.
J.
F. B C G or there is actually another optimal possible route which is either i j k l h g.
And then you'll see we're going to do something fun.
Remember that the second briery location is location K so in the second homework at this point one will
improve our tools so that we optimize wherehouse flows even more by making sure that when again starting
from location we are autonomous warehouse robot passes by the second top priority location location
K before reaching the temporary location location.
So that this time with this new feature it can only go through this path and never through this path
because this is not a temporary location but that will be a second step.
When we improve our tool.
And for now we're just going to check that.
Indeed we have these two optimal routes that can be returned by our system.
All right so let's go back and let's bring that route.
So first of all we'll just print we'll just make a nice print to say that we're printing the route.
So here we go.
Put that in quotes.
And then just below.
We're going to print indeed that's optimal.
But we all have to make a print here we can just call our route function with the two inputs which are
starting location and ending location.
So the starting location is where we are right now that is where our ultimate warehouse robot is located
right now and that is location.
And then the second input is the ending location and that corresponds of course to the top priority
location which is location.
And therefore as a second input here we put location g in quote and that's it.
This implementation is over.
So I can just say now to make it fun.
I'm going to reset everything here by restoring the kernel so you know you click on this little tool
button here and then you'll see restart kernel and then you click yes that will restart everything you
reset everything so that I'm going to execute this whole code several times and we'll see if indeed
we get that to optimal path that we identified easily in our warehouse.
So actually let's check them out again.
The optimal path here you can check are either.
I J.
F. B C G or i j k l h g.
And let's see if indeed by selecting this and executing this several times we get these two possible
optimal path.
All right let's do this.
Here we go.
Three two one and go.
That's our first edition.
And indeed we got one of the two possible optimal path.
I J.
B C G E I J.
F. B C G.
All right.
Perfect good start.
Now let's execute that again to see if we can indeed get the other possible optimal path.
Here we go.
And here we go we just got the second possible optimal path.
I J K L h g it i j k l h g.
Perfect.
Now let's execute this once again several times.
All right the first one second one second one again.
First one.
And here we go see an exit doing it several times.
And of course we only get the two possible optimal path perfect.
So we did it we made a tool that returns the optimal route from wherever we were starting.
And wherever we're going you can actually check that for other examples of stoning locations and locations.
And now we're going to add some bit of challenges in this too.
We're going to improve it because indeed as we just said in the previous tutorial we would like to optimize
even more the warehouse flows.
Right now our AI is able to go to the top priority location from wherever it starts but remember we
also have this other system which is connected to the warehouse and which is connected to our AI as
well which gives us in real time the ranking of the priorities for each of the 12 locations.
And here is this ranking.
Remember that in second position we have location K which has priority number two.
And so back in a warehouse now our goal will be to make sure that our other the most warehouse robot
always goes by the location K and never through location.
Before reaching that priorly location location.
So that starting from location.
Well in one path it can get the products in the second or location location K so that it gets on its
way to the Priory location.
The products of location.
All right.
That's how we have to improve our system.
But first let's since now you're about to really do things by yourself.
Well I'm going to provide the solution of course but you're about to really make something you could
buy yourself.
Well let's just warm up with a first preliminary homework and I already spoke about this.
Remember here we had to manually put that high reward in this reward matrix here.
You know we put 1000 word on that Selker respond in two locations you know rogue Collinge but it would
actually be better that we leave this reward matrix initialized as it was with just ones and zeros.
And inside this root function well we implement something that will automatically update the reward
matrix or without us having to do anything.
No that would be nice.
That you know we can automate as much as possible the system.
So do that first.
The goal is just to improve the tool here so that we keep this word matrix initialized this way and
it will always stay this way.
But in this tool you have to implement something more so that the reward matrix is updated dramatically
with the highest reward in that location where we want to go so that we don't have to manually change
anything here.
All right so that will already be a first improvement and then we'll do the real improvement by adding
this feature which will allow the other animals warehouse robot to go by the second or priority location
as an intermediary location before reaching the top priority location.
All right so good luck with this verse homework and I'll provide the solution in the next tutorial.
Until then have fun and enjoy AI.